at the Staples Center here in LA you
know Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor
are gonna fight on August 26th in Las
Vegas it's a boxing match which means
you know McGregor is not a boxer he
fights in the UFC he's gonna have to
keep his feet to himself it will really
be an interesting fight but this was
some press conference Guillermo was
there on an important assignment was it
tense any attention it was very tense so
Guillermo was able to score two
exclusives this boxing exclusivo with
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor
[Music]
[Applause]
Mayweather Mayweather what's up talk to
you our rocket week
who's Rocky 3 he lost the clubber lang
in rocky 3 he lost but didn't he also
won he came back he lost to be weird and
he lose anywhere
Mayweather all America wants to know
what happened what happened if you had
to go to the Father that goes wearing
gloves
I must go beyond myself yeah just like
sweaty spear yourself people will know
the difference HP
taking me with it thank you what's your
TV Connor I have a very bad baby for the
questionable on the soup all right sorry
I have a very very important question
who would win between you and rocky
three rocky tree I'm trying to tape
which room was rocky Jay that was what
everybody had them at celebrity Jay
wasn't me
that's a monkeys in the gym you know I
was great indeed yeah be honest me you
all right they said Mexicans in our are
the same
yes they like two things can you tell me
which team they are fighting
[Laughter]
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe this invisible hamster
will die